FAQ, sql: improve isolation level and FAQ wording (#936)
pingcap/docs: sql/transaction-isolation.md

| Repeatable Read  | Not possible | Not possible       | Not possible in  TiDB | Possible              |
| Serializable     | Not possible | Not possible       | Not possible          | Not possible          |

> TiDB implements the Repeatable Read isolation in the Snapshot Isolation level. However, the TiDB Repeatable Read isolation level differs from the [ANSI Repeatable Read isolation level](/sql/transaction-isolation.md#difference-between-tidb-and-ansi-repeatable-read) and the [MySQL Repeatable Read level](/sql/transaction-isolation.md#difference-between-tidb-and-mysql-repeatable-reads).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB implements Snapshot Isolation consistency, which it advertises as `REPEATABLE-READ` for compatibility with MySQL. This differs from the [ANSI Repeatable Read isolation level](/sql/transaction-isolation.md#difference-between-tidb-and-ansi-repeatable-read) and the [MySQL Repeatable Read level](/sql/transaction-isolation.md#difference-between-tidb-and-mysql-repeatable-reads).
```
